www.incubaid.com/content/company/Management Team.md, before:

+++
#Don't remove title!
title = "Management Team"

kristof_header = "Kristof De Spiegeleer - CEO"
kristof_pic = "img/foto-kristof.png"
kristof_bio = ["Kristof De Spiegeleer is a dedicated entrepreneur with an impressive track record in datacenter optimisation technology.", "Kristof is a respected visionary who is surrounded by a team of datacenter veterans, cloud computing experts and experienced software engineers. His proven track record has given him substantial credibility and long standing relations with international VC's and industry leaders."]

sophie_header = "Sophie De Maesschalck - Managing Partner Incubaid - Group CFO"
sophie_pic = "img/Sophie.png"
sophie_bio = ["Sophie De Maesschalck co-founded Incubaid in 2009. She is responsible for the finance, HR and operational support of the Incubaid portfolio companies.", "Prior to joining Incubaid, she was CFO at Qlayer, the datacenter and storage virtualization software company which was sold to Sun Microsystems (now Oracle) in 2009. Before that, she worked as consultant for Bain & Company, and as a design engineer at Proximus, the leading mobile operator in Belgium.", "Sophie holds a PhD in applied sciences, electro-technical engineering, and an MSc degree in electro-technical engineering, option telecommunications from Ghent University."]

jan_header = "Jan De Landtsheer - CTO"
jan_pic = "img/Jan.jpg"
jan_bio = ["Jan De Landtsheer has worked for almost 20 years in partnership with Kristof De Spiegeleer.", "Jan is the genius behind many of the inventions created by Incubaid and is active in everything to do with systems ranging from Linux, Solaris, storage, networking and many other related areas.", "Jan is a master architect and master researcher at Incubaid and cofounded Dedigate, DCT, Q-layer, Amplidata, CloudFounders and Awingu."]

peter_header = "Peter Van der Henst – Finance Director"
peter_pic = "img/Peter.jpg"
peter_bio = ["Peter Van der Henst is responsible for the financial & administrative aspects of the Incubaid members.", "Prior to joining Incubaid, he exercised similar management-jobs in other industries as food (chocolate), decoration (wall-deco) and entertainment (ticketing & concerts).", "Peter has a bachelor-degree in Accounting & Taxations from HoGhent and developed himself to a pro in financial reportings."]

pierre_header = "Pierre Van Hoorebeke - Legal"
pierre_pic = "img/Pierre.jpg"
pierre_bio = ["Pierre Van Hoorebeke provides specialized legal advice to the Incubaid companies, including in the field of corporate, M&A and venture capital.", "Prior to joining Incubaid, Pierre was a corporate and M&A lawyer in top tier law firms (Laga and Baker & McKenzie (Brussels)), providing distinctive legal advice to various leading international corporations.", "Pierre studied law at the Ghent University and holds a master degree in European Law from the Brussels University (U.L.B.)."]
+++

### Management Team

The company is managed by a team with a unique blend of entrepreneurial and investment experience.

Commit message:

Update Management Team.md
full update

www.incubaid.com/content/company/Management Team.md, after:

+++
#Don't remove title!
title = "Leadership"

kristof_header = "Kristof De Spiegeleer - Founder and Technologist"
kristof_pic = "img/foto-kristof.png"
kristof_bio = ["LinkedIn: ."]

sophie_header = "Sophie De Maesschalck - Managing Director and Group CFO"
sophie_pic = "img/Sophie.png"
sophie_bio = ["LinkedIn: ."]

pierre_header = "Pierre Van Hoorebeke - Group Legal Counsel"
pierre_pic = "img/Pierre.jpg"
pierre_bio = ["LinkedIn: ."]

peter_header = "Peter Van der Henst – Chief Marketing Officer"
peter_pic = "img/Sacha.jpg"
peter_bio = ["LinkedIn: ."]

jan_header = "Jan De Landtsheer - Chief Research and Development"
jan_pic = "img/Jan.jpg"
jan_bio = ["LinkedIn: ."]

peter_header = "Peter Van der Henst – Group Finance Director"
peter_pic = "img/Peter.jpg"
peter_bio = ["LinkedIn: ."]


+++

### Management Team

Incubaid is managed by an international team with a unique blend of skiles: technology inventions leading to disruption, entrepreneurial and investment experience to grow companies, go-to-market and strategic business development to reach channels and geographies.
